hey guys I just recently got a message
to do the voidwalker quest it's not
really that hard so I named a dude Pauly
ur da Li are if you had the seen it so
far
your buddy of mine I told him just to
get on because we're in lane so it'll
level up faster yeah this it's at the
tower it's right down the road from you
see it's about right there by silver
pine like right at the entrance if you
don't know where it's at yeah sorry my
thinking my computer like up on me if
you're doing it by yourself you'll be in
a second all you have to do is make your
imp attack the dude in the tower and it
should be fine you should be able to
take them out pretty easily you should
be able to go in there and grab the
chest leave yeah see like I just did I
just send and just make your Impa tak
one just run in and grab the chest
didn't by yourself just running grab
chest and take off I am going to skip
the run back part because you know it
just takes forever
I just gets on your nerves eventually we
did have a close call here as you can
see there's like tons of dates coming in
and then if we eventually ended up at
grown another yeah you just go back to
you see go back to the dude and across
from mage quarter turn the quest except
the rune one just go right here behind
him and some on the Boyd Walker and you
just got to kill it that's about all you
got to do as far as the best goes you
kill it then you turn in the quest and
I'll give you the rooms and everything
then it'll just be
she's got to kill him turning question
Hill you have to give him back his burns
then you'll get the Boyd Walker yes all
right like I said my computer's logging
up on me
I have unready to unregistered fraps so
yes he just turned it in you summon you
can just summon it afterwards yeah I am
gonna end you guys today with a footage
from storm when I made a door for a long
time ago I don't play him anymore
Jean moon guard it was just my role
there I do got pretty jealous at me the
one right there he's called the super
beast I think he's around in the 70s
he's a rare to see a sucker huge he's in
Stormwind he knows that cuz I'm a hunter
I turned on the track beasts and it
brought that up that's pretty much it
for today guys just follow my tips and
you'll be fine said message me if you
need help with anything and that's it
for today guys take care